Readme: add info that dxTemplate should be assigned to HTML elem-s (#957)
DevExpress/devextreme-angular: README.md

The 'item' and 'group' names are default template names for the 'itemTemplate' and 'groupTemplate' options of the dxList widget.

> **NOTE**: The **dxTemplate** directive should be assigned to an HTML element not an Angular-specific element. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: The **dxTemplate** directive cannot be used on custom markup elements.
```
